Oe Oe Oe Oa
(Chorus) I'm Blue & Blue I'll be Until I Die
Rain in the Capital, Nothing Will Import Me I'll Follow Millos to Wherever
I am Blue & Blue I will be Until I Die
Woioioiooo today It's a very special day
Today I have an Appointment with Love that makes me Breathe
The Party With the Friends is Prepared The Band begins to Play
Because Here we are Always We will always encourage, We will encourage until the end
I am Blue & Blue I will be Until I Die
Rain in the Capital, Nothing Will Import Me I'll Follow Millos to Wherever
For this love I leave it All for this passion Vibrates my Heart
Let's go MILLIONAIRES Move to your fans
That goes crazy if Sales champ
Because here at the bar is my family
Because my joy is after the ball
Because I do not care about the result
Today we celebrate this is your hobby
I am Blue & Blue I will be Until I Die
Rain in the Capital, Nothing Will Import Me I'll Follow Millos to Wherever
Oe Oe Oe Oa
I am Blue & Blue I will be Until I Die
Rain in the Capital, Nothing Will Import Me I'll Follow Millos to Wherever
I AM BLUE !!